# Developing the project

## Building the project
To be able to build the project, you will need Visual Studio 2019 and the Windows SDK installed.
You can build the project by open the [VisualTreeAnalyzers.sln](../../VisualTreeAnalyzers.sln) solution.

The main library can be found under `/src/VisualTreeAnalyzers`.

The easiest way to test changes is by starting the AnalyzersSampleApp or write a unit test.

## Project structure

The project has a few different folders, the most important ones are:

- `src`: The source of the VisualTreeAnalyzers library.
- `tests`: Contains the unit tests for the project.
- `samples`: Any sample projects such as a test app can be found here.

In addition to that, the repository contains the following folders:

- `artifacts`: Any build output will be in this folder.
- `build`: Contains any files related to building the project and the CI.
- `docs`: Documentation related files such as the getting started file can be found here
- `website`: The website of the VisualTreeAnalyzers project. File in here are being generated by docfx, so any modifications done will get erased when calling the `BuildDocs.ps1` script.

## Updating the documentation website

This project uses docfx to generate the website for the documentation. To update the documentation website, you can run the `BuildDocs.ps1` script at the root of the repository.

## Building a NuGet package
To build a NuGet package, you will first need to build the VisualTreeAnalyzers package in the following configurations:
- Release/AnyCPU
- Release/x86
- Release/x64
- Release/ARM
- Release/ARM64

After building the project, you can run the `BuildNuget.ps1` script located under `/build/nuget`.